♪
( singing in Japanese )
Rapper: ♪♪ UNH, YEAH
♪♪ AH
♪♪ YEAH, YO
♪♪ AH, YEAH, YEAH, YO
♪♪ "GEARLESS" JOE,
"GEARLESS" JOE ♪
( rapping in Japanese )
♪♪ STREET DREAMS
ARE MADE OF THIS ♪
( rapping in Japanese )
♪
Announcer: TAKING ON
THE PROFESSIONALLY
UNDEFEATED FIGHTER
SUGER R. HILL IS THE MAN
WITH THE A. I.‐EQUIPPED GEAR,
THE "FIGHTING ENGINEER," THE ACE
MAVERICK OF THE SHIRATO GROUP,
MIKIO SHIRATO!
THESE TWO TOP‐RANKED FIGHTERS,
EACH CONSIDERED A FAVORITE
FOR ENTRY INTO MEGALONIA,
ARE GOING TO COLLIDE
OVER THE FINAL AVAILABLE SLOT.
THIS MATCH'S WINNER WILL LIKELY
RECEIVE THE FINAL INVITATION,
BUT DO YOU THINK THERE'S
ANY ROOM FOR "GEARLESS" JOE
TO MAKE HIS PRESENCE FELT?
Commentator: WELL, HE'S GOT
POPULARITY GOING FOR HIM,
BUT HONESTLY HE LACKS SKILL
COMPARED TO THE OTHERS.
IT'S ALL ABOUT
THE TWO MEN IN THIS MATCH.
THE CHANCE OF "GEARLESS" JOE
MAKING IT IN
ARE PRETTY CLOSE TO ZERO.
Sachio: WHAT THE HELL?
THEY'RE TOTALLY DISSING JOE.
WHAT A COUPLE OF CHUMPS.
Nanbu: AH, DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
THIS MATCH DOESN'T
ACTUALLY DECIDE ANYTHING.
WHOEVER GETS IN TO MEGALONIA
IS ULTIMATELY DECIDED
BY THE PEOPLE WHO OWN IT,
BUNCH OF DAMN PROMOTERS.
Sachio: WAIT.
DOESN'T SHIRATO OWN MEGALONIA?
IF MIKIO WINS HIS NEXT FIGHT,
THEN HE'S GONNA GET IN,
WITHOUT A DOUBT.
( Nanbu grumbles )
‐ ( footsteps )
‐ HUH? HMM?
AH, IF THIS MATCH
ENDS UP DECIDING
WHO GETS THAT FINAL SLOT,
NOBODY'S GONNA BE HAPPY.
Yukiko: WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
Nanbu: THINK ABOUT IT.
THIS MATCH IS BASICALLY
JUST SETTING THE TABLE
FOR YOUR BROTHER.
I DOUBT THE GENERAL PUBLIC
WOULD ACCEPT THAT.
THEY'RE GONNA WONDER
IF YOU FORGOT A CERTAIN SOMEONE.
( Yukiko chuckles )
MY SOURCES TELL ME
ARAGAKI WAS QUITE BRUTAL.
YOUR FIGHTER'S TOO INJURED
TO BOX ANYONE IN HIS CONDITION.
Nanbu: NAH,
THE KID'S RARIN' TO GO.
EVERYONE GETS A FAIR CHANCE,
DON'T THEY?
Yukiko: I HOPE THINGS
TURN OUT WELL FOR YOU TWO.
AFTER ALL,
MEGALONIA IS OPEN TO ANYONE,
EXCEPT FOR THOSE
WHO DON'T USE GEAR.
LEAST SHE'S HONEST
ABOUT IT, HUH?
( Sachio groans )
( toilet flushing )
( Joe groaning )
( crowd cheering )
( punches thumping, whooshing )
( Mikio chuckles )
Nanbu: MIKIO'S READING THE OTHER
GUY'S MOVES LIKE A BOOK.
EVEN SUGER'S SWITCH‐UPS DON'T
SEEM TO DO A DAMN BIT OF GOOD.
Sachio: THAT A.I. GEAR OF HIS
PROBABLY DETERMINES
THE MOST ENERGY‐EFFECTIVE
ATTACKS AND DEFENSES,
GIVEN WHAT'S GOING ON
IN THE MATCH.
Nanbu: IN OTHER WORDS,
THE GEAR IS CALLING THE SHOTS
AND NOT MIKIO?
( Suger gags )
( groans )
Referee: A KNOCKOUT!
AT TWO MINUTES, 50 SECONDS
INTO THE SECOND ROUND,
THE WINNER, MIKIO SHIRATO
WITH TEAM SHIRATO.
Nanbu: TO BE ABLE
TO PUT ON A SHOW LIKE THAT
AGAINST A FIGHTER LIKE SUGER,
HIS FACE MIGHT PISS ME OFF,
BUT THE GUY DIDN'T GET
WHERE HE IS BY NEPOTISM ALONE.
THAT'S FOR DAMN SURE.
Announcer: IT SEEMS LIKE
YOUR ENTRY INTO MEGALONIA
IS ALL BUT GUARANTEED
WITH THIS WIN.
Nanbu: IDIOT.
YOU DON'T MAKE THAT CALL.
‐ Sachio: POPS, LOOK!
‐ Nanbu: HUH?
Mikio: YOU THINK THIS MEANS
I HAVE A TICKET TO MEGALONIA?
WELL, I WISH IT DID,
BUT THERE'S STILL ONE THING
I NEED TO DO.
( chuckles )
Joe: GET THIS DAMN THING OFF ME.
I'M SICK OF IT. I'M NOT
SOME CAGED DOG, SO‐‐
‐ Nanbu: WE DID IT, JOE!
‐ Joe: HUH?
Nanbu: AFTER ALL THAT WORK,
WE FINALLY MADE IT!
Joe: HUH?
Mikio: BEFORE I CAN
TRULY CLAIM THAT LAST SPOT,
THERE'S ONE FIGHTER OUT THERE
I SIMPLY CAN'T IGNORE.
"GEARLESS" JOE, WHICH ONE OF US
SHOULD MOVE ON
TO COMPETE IN MEGALONIA?
LET'S MEET IN THIS RING
AND FIND OUT.
( Joe sighs )
Nanbu: THE THING ABOUT LUCK
IS THAT YOU NEVER SEE IT COMING.
AND TO THINK,
TEAM NOWHERE HAS MANAGED
TO MAKE IT ALL THIS WAY
ON A FAKE I. D.
IT MAY AS WELL
BE THE REAL THING NOW.
Joe: WAIT A SECOND. DOESN'T THIS
SEEM TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE?
( kettle rattling )
Nanbu: HUH? GOOD POINT.
THIS IS SHIRATO
WE'RE DEALING WITH.
I CAN'T BLAME YOU
FOR BEING SUSPICIOUS.
BUT NO MATTER WHAT KIND OF TRAP
THEY'RE TRYING
TO SNARE YOU IN...
ONCE WE GET IN THE RING,
WE'VE GOT THE ADVANTAGE.
Sachio: HE'S RIGHT, JOE.
I MEAN, YEAH, SURE,
HIS GEAR IS SUPER HIGH‐TECH
AND EVERYTHING,
BUT POPS AND I HAVE SEEN YOU
GET STRONGER AND STRONGER
WITH EVERY FIGHT.
THERE'S NO WAY YOU'LL LOSE.
I JUST KNOW IT.
( Joe chuckles ) IN THAT CASE,
I SHOULDN'T BE SITTING HERE,
LOAFING AROUND.
Nanbu:
YES, YOU SHOULD, DUMB‐ASS.
YOU'RE IN NO SHAPE TO TRAIN YET.
Joe: RELAX. I'M FINE.
( groaning )
SACHIO.
( Sachio chuckles )
‐ Nanbu: HEY, JOE.
‐ Joe: HUH?
Nanbu: TAKE OFF YOUR SHIRT.
Joe: EH?
Sachio: HOLY CRAP.
Nanbu: YOU'VE FOUGHT NONSTOP
IN A SHORT TIME FRAME,
AND I THINK THAT MATCH
AGAINST ARAGAKI
PUSHED YOU TO YOUR LIMIT.
Joe: IT ISN'T ANYTHING
TO WORRY ABOUT.
A COUPLE BRUISES HERE AND THERE
SHOULDN'T SLOW ME DOWN.
Nanbu:
YOU DON'T GET IT, DO YOU?
YOU'RE EXPOSED
WHEN YOU GET IN THE RING,
AND THAT MAKES EVERY ONE
OF THOSE BRUISES
AN OBVIOUS TARGET
FOR THE OTHER GUY.
IT'S LIKE SAYING,
"PLEASE HIT ME HERE.
IT'LL HURT LIKE HELL."
( Joe sighs )
( Nanbu chuckles )
LOOK, I'M NOT THAT WORRIED
ABOUT YOU RIGHT NOW,
BUT I KNOW YOU'VE GOT
A BETTER CHANCE OF WINNING
IF YOU'RE FULLY HEALED UP.
GETTING ENOUGH REST
IS IMPORTANT.
THAT'S PART OF YOUR JOB, TOO,
ESPECIALLY IF YOU'RE GONNA
WIN IT ALL AT MEGALONIA.
( Sachio chuckles )
( Joe chuckles )
HUH? ( gasps )
( grunts )
Promoter: DIRECTOR ASAMOTO,
YOU'RE NOT SERIOUSLY CONSIDERING
ALLOWING A MATCH
BETWEEN THAT GEARLESS FIGHTER
AND MIKIO, ARE YOU?
Asamoto: IS THAT A PROBLEM?
Promoter: WHAT'S THE POINT?
BY BEATING SUGER R. HILL,
EVERYONE WILL ACKNOWLEDGE
THAT MIKIO
SHOULD HAVE THE FINAL SHOT.
HIS COMMENTS
COULD SIMPLY BE DISMISSED
AS A BIT OF LIP SERVICE, RIGHT?
Asamoto: CONSIDERING HE
SAID THEM IN THE RING,
WE CAN'T VERY WELL PRETEND
THEY DON'T EXIST.
Promoter #2: I UNDERSTAND,
BUT DIDN'T THE PRESIDENT
SET UP THE MATCH WITH SUGER
FULLY EXPECTING THAT MIKIO
WOULD SHOW OFF HIS SKILLS?
I JUST DON'T SEE THE POINT
IN BOTHERING
TO TEST HIM ANY FURTHER.
Promoter #3: I'M AFRAID
THAT I'M GONNA HAVE TO AGREE.
THE PURPOSE OF THIS COMMITTEE
IS TO MAKE SURE MEGALONIA,
ONE OF SHIRATO'S BIGGEST
VENTURES, IS A HUGE SUCCESS.
THAT ALONE
SHOULD MAKE IT OBVIOUS
WHO THE LAST ENTRANT
OUGHT TO BE.
I DOUBT THE FORMER PRESIDENT
WOULD EVER HESITATE SO MUCH
OVER A DECISION LIKE THIS ONE.
EVERYONE AGREE?
Yukiko: IT IS THIS COMMITTEE
THAT SETS ALL THE RULES.
HE IS PART
OF OUR CORPORATE FAMILY,
BUT IN THIS PARTICULAR CONTEXT,
HE'S MERELY A FIGHTER,
SO WE HAVE NO REASON
TO ACCOMMODATE HIS WHIMS.
Promoter #1: YOU MEAN...
Yukiko: I HEAR AND UNDERSTAND
YOUR ARGUMENTS, GENTLEMEN.
I'LL INFORM YOU
OF MY DECISION SHORTLY.
Asamoto: THE COMMITTEE SEEMS SET
ON MIKIO ENTERING
THE TOURNAMENT.
I DON'T THINK THE EXECUTIVES
ARE GOING TO TOLERATE
MUCH MORE STALLING.
Yukiko: THE SUGER MATCH
DIDN'T GO AS EXPECTED.
Asamoto:
PERHAPS WE UNDERESTIMATED
HOW EFFECTIVE
MIKIO'S GEAR IS.
TO THINK IT'S
ALREADY SO ADVANCED.
Yukiko: YOU BELIEVE YURI'S
INTEGRATED GEAR IS INFERIOR?
Asamoto: THAT'S NOT
WHAT I'M SAYING AT ALL.
HOWEVER, IT DOES SEEM THAT MIKIO
HAS MORE SUPPORT
THAN WE ANTICIPATED.
IF HE'S ABLE
TO ENTER THE TOURNAMENT,
IT COULD DETER
OUR AGENDA FOR MEGALONIA.
Yukiko: IT APPEARS AS THOUGH
I'LL HAVE TO USE HIM
TO STOP MY BROTHER, AFTER ALL.
Asamoto: SO IT SEEMS.
IT WAS INTERESTING
THAT YOUR BROTHER
SUGGESTED THE MATCH HIMSELF.
HAVE YOU CONSIDERED
THE POSSIBILITY
THAT MIKIO HAS REALIZED
WHAT YOU'RE AFTER?
Yukiko: HONESTLY,
I HAVE NO IDEA.
( Nanbu sighs )
Yabunuma: WELL,
IT'S FINALLY HERE.
TEAM SHIRATO HAS DELIVERED
AN OFFICIAL OFFER.
THE CONTRACT SIGNING
WILL TAKE PLACE VERY SOON.
Nanbu: SO I GUESS
YOU WEREN'T FEEDING ME A LINE
TO GET ME OFF YOUR BACK, HUH?
( Yabunuma laughs ) NOT AT ALL.
HONESTLY, I DIDN'T THINK
YOU HAD A CHANCE IN HELL
AT GETTING IN TO MEGALONIA.
GUESS THAT'S JUST
ONE MORE UPSET FOR YOU BOYS.
YOU GOT THE LUCK OF THE DEVIL.
Nanbu: MR. YABUNUMA,
I'D LIKE TO KNOW
WHAT YOU THINK OF THIS DEAL.
Yabunuma: HMM.
I'M JUST A GO‐BETWEEN,
NOTHING MORE, NOTHING LESS.
I HAVE NO OPINION.
Nanbu: YEAH, STUPID QUESTION.
FORGET I ASKED IT.
Yabunuma: LISTEN, NANBU.
THERE'S A RUMOR GOING AROUND.
THE LADY AT THE TOP
DOESN'T WANT MIKIO SHIRATO
GETTING IN TO MEGALONIA.
Nanbu: HUH?
WHAT ARE YOU TRYIN' TO SAY?
WHAT WOULD THIS MATCH
BE ABOUT? UH...
YUKIKO SHIRATO WANTS TO KEEP HER
BROTHER OUT OF THE TOURNAMENT?
Yabunuma: SOME THINK
SHE'S WORRIED
ABOUT THE APPEARANCE
OF AN UNFAIR ADVANTAGE.
I DON'T KNOW,
BUT, EITHER WAY,
WATCH YOURSELVES.
Doctor: THE UNION
BETWEEN HIS BODY AND THE GEAR
HAS EXCEEDED OUR EXPECTATIONS.
Yukiko: I SEE.
Doctor: IT'S PROVEN TO BE
INCREDIBLY ADAPTIVE.
YOU CAN HARDLY
CALL IT GEAR ANYMORE.
IT'S PART OF HIS BODY NOW,
AND THE GEAR
WOULDN'T HAVE COME THIS FAR
WITHOUT HIS INVOLVEMENT.
Yukiko: RIGHT.
( both grunting )
( Yuri chuckles )
Coach: NEXT FIGHTER UP!
( boxer groaning )
Coach: OKAY, YURI,
THAT'S IT FOR TODAY.
( glove straps crinkling )
Yukiko: I'M STARTING
TO THINK THE WORD "DEFEAT"
COULD NEVER APPLY TO YOU.
Yuri: WHEN YOU'RE IN THE RING,
ONLY TRUE SKILL WILL SURVIVE.
( Yukiko gasps )
YOU'RE RIGHT.
Asamoto: MS. SHIRATO.
PARDON THE INTRUSION,
BUT MIKIO HAS REQUESTED
YOU MEET HIM IN THE LAB.
Yukiko: A NEW GEAR MODEL?
Mikio: I DEVELOPED IT
TO BEAT THE CHAMPION,
THOUGH IT'S NOT YET COMPLETE.
♪
Yukiko: HOW CAN
I HELP YOU, BROTHER?
WHAT IS IT YOU NEED?
Mikio: THAT SHOULD BE OBVIOUS,
THE MATCH WITH "GEARLESS" JOE.
Yukiko: RIGHT.
IT'S WHAT YOU'D HOPED FOR.
Mikio: THERE'S NO NEED
TO BE COY, SISTER.
I KNOW YOU WERE BEHIND IT.
YOU WANTED SUGER
TO PUT AN END TO THIS.
THE FACT THAT YOU THOUGHT
I COULDN'T WIN
PAINS ME TO MY SOUL.
BUT NOW IT SEEMS YOUR
LITTLE PLAN HAS FALLEN THROUGH,
SO I EXPECT YOUR NEXT
MACHINATION WILL BE TO USE
THAT IRRITATING LITTLE STRAY
AGAINST ME. HOW TRANSPARENT.
YOU NEVER WANTED ME
TO GET IN TO MEGALONIA, DID YOU?
SAME OLD SIS.
YOU'LL DO ABSOLUTELY ANYTHING
TO HAVE YOUR WAY,
JUST LIKE WHEN YOU STOLE
THE SHIRATO NAME FROM ME.
Yukiko: AS YOU RECALL,
IT WAS GRANDFATHER
WHO CHOSE ME TO SUCCEED HIM.
Mikio: AFTER YOUR MANIPULATIONS.
( chuckles ) IT'S FINE.
THIS IS YOUR LAST CHANCE,
YOU KNOW,
BUT THIS TIME,
I'LL BE THE ONE CHOSEN.
Yukiko: YOU'RE MAKING IT SOUND
AS THOUGH YOUR VICTORY
IS GUARANTEED.
Mikio: THANK YOU FOR
THIS ENLIGHTENING CHAT, YUKIKO.
( Joe grunting )
Bonjiri: COME ON, EVERYBODY!
STEP RIGHT UP!
THERE'S NO COVER.
JUST STEP UP, BUY SOME SOUP,
AND WATCH AS MUCH AS YOU LIKE.
Oicho: IF YOU'RE NOT
GONNA EAT IT, THEN BEAT IT!
LIKE THEY SAY, NOTHING'S MORE
EXPENSIVE THAN SOMETHING FREE.
Santa: HEY, NO PICTURES!
JUST FOR THAT, YOU'RE GONNA
GO TO THE BACK OF THE LINE!
Joe: THEY RUN A TIGHT BUSINESS.
( Sachio laughs )
Nanbu: ANY BRUISES LEFT?
( Joe chuckles )
Nanbu: NOW, LISTEN.
HERE'S A LITTLE
REFRESHER COURSE.
AS YOU'RE ALREADY WELL AWARE,
MOST GEAR REACTS TO
THE MOVEMENTS OF YOUR MUSCLES.
BECAUSE OF THAT,
THERE'S A SLIGHT DELAY
WHEN COMPARED
TO A REGULAR PUNCH.
THAT WOULD BE THE ADVANTAGE
YOU RISKED YOUR NECK
TO CAPITALIZE ON.
Sachio: THAT'S TRUE,
BUT THE A. I.‐EQUIPPED MODEL
THAT MIKIO USES
HAS ADVANCED SENSORS
DESIGNED TO DETECT
HIS OPPONENT'S MOVES.
ONCE IT DOES,
THE GEAR TAKES OVER
AND MOVES HIS BODY FOR HIM,
WHICH MEANS THERE'S NO LAG
TO HIS REACTIONS.
Nanbu: YOU UNDERSTAND?
THE GEARLESS ADVANTAGE
THAT'S BEEN HELPING
ISN'T GONNA DO JACK
IN THIS NEXT MATCH.
( Joe chuckles )
THEN I JUST GOTTA SHOW HIM
I'VE GOT MORE THAN THAT.
Nanbu: DON'T BE STUPID.
THIS GUY'S BEEN STUDYING
YOUR FIGHTING STYLE.
HE KNOWS ALL YOUR MOVES.
IF YOU'RE NOT CAREFUL,
YOU'LL END UP JUST LIKE SUGER.
Joe: YEAH, SURE, WHATEVER.
JUST GET IN YOUR STANCE.
( Nanbu grumbles )
WATCH IT.
ALL RIGHT, THEN.
LET'S GET GOIN'.
( groans )
HOLY SHIT, THAT WAS STRONG.
( Joe grunting )
Sachio: I REMEMBER
YOU TELLING US BEFORE
THAT HAVING STRONG FOOTING MAKES
FOR STRONGER PUNCHES, RIGHT?
SO WE TRIED
HELPING OUT WITH THAT.
Joe: HIS GEAR MIGHT BE GOOD,
BUT IT WON'T SEE THIS COMING.
WITH A SHOT LIKE THIS‐‐
‐ Nanbu: SACHIO!
‐ ( Sachio gasps )
Joe: HMM?
Sachio: SORRY, POPS.
I KNOW YOU SAID JOE HAD TO REST,
BUT I JUST THOUGHT‐‐
( Nanbu sighs )
THAT'S NOT IT.
Sachio: HUH?
Nanbu: WE'RE A TEAM,
DON'T YOU REMEMBER?
IF YOU COME UP WITH IDEAS
THAT'LL HELP US
GET IN TO MEGALONIA,
THEN TRY 'EM OUT.
HOWEVER,
DON'T SNEAK AROUND DOING IT
WITHOUT TELLING
THE REST OF US, ALL RIGHT?
( Sachio grunts )
Joe: I'D SAY
OUR CHANCES IMPROVED.
RIGHT, POPS? WHAT YOU THINK?
Nanbu: YEAH, SURE, BUT EVEN IF
YOU HAVE A KILLER PUNCH,
IT WON'T MATTER
IF YOU CAN'T LAND IT.
I'M NOT SURE HOW MUCH
OF A DIFFERENCE IT'LL MAKE,
BUT WE NEED TO TEACH YOU
SOME NEW COMBINATIONS.
TAKE A SHOT
WHERE I HOLD THE MITTS.
WE'RE GONNA DRILL YOU ON ALL
THE PATTERNS I CAN THINK OF.
Joe: ALL OF THEM?
Nanbu: SACHIO,
DON'T BOTHER WITH THE CLOCK.
PAY CLOSE ATTENTION
TO WHAT HE DOES,
AND REMEMBER
ANY MISTAKES HE MAKES.
‐ DON'T EVEN BLINK, ALL RIGHT?
‐ ( Sachio grunts )
Joe: SO I GUESS WE'RE
NOT TAKING ANY BREAKS, HUH?
Nanbu: HEY, I THOUGHT
YOU HAD ENERGY TO BURN.
WE'RE GONNA DO THIS
'TIL WE PASS OUT.
( Joe chuckles )
♪
WE'VE COME A PRETTY LONG WAY,
HAVEN'T WE, POPS?
Nanbu: YEAH.
Joe: AND WE CAN DO THIS.
Nanbu: DAMN RIGHT, WE CAN.
MORE PRECISION!
PULL YOUR FIST BACK IN FAST!
WHAT HAPPENED
TO ALL THAT POWER, HUH?!
Sachio: THEY NEED ME.
I MEAN,
THEY ACTUALLY WANT ME HERE.
SO, MOM, DAD,
DON'T WORRY ABOUT ME.
I'LL BE FINE.
Nanbu: DAMN IDIOT.
( flames whoosh )
( boys grunting )
Santa: SHH! PIPE DOWN, BONJIRI.
Bonjiri: SORRY.
IT'S JUST REALLY TIGHT IN HERE.
( Oicho chuckles )
( grunting )
AND WE'RE OUT! YEAH!
( Santa laughs )
NICE ONE, OICHO.
FIRST‐CLASS SEATS.
Bonjiri: WHOA.
GET A LOAD OF THIS VIEW.
( Oicho laughs )
WE CAN WATCH JOE
WITHOUT MISSING A THING.
Nanbu: THIS ISN'T
REALLY MY STYLE.
Joe: COME ON. JUST DO IT.
( Sachio inhales )
TEAM NOWHERE, LET'S GO!
‐ Nanbu: JOE‐‐
‐ Sachio: JOE.
TAKE A LOOK.
Joe: HUH? ( scoffs )
Nanbu: HMM? HMM.
Joe: THANKS FOR CALLING ME OUT.
BUT IF YOU WANNA SAY HELLO,
SAVE IT FOR INSIDE THE RING.
( Mikio chuckles )
SADLY, THERE WON'T BE
A CHANCE FOR THAT.
Joe: WHAT'S THAT
SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
Mikio: IT MEANS YOU'RE
NOT GETTING IN THAT RING.
YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO DO SO.
ISN'T THAT TRUE, "JUNK DOG"?
( all gasp )
Mikio: THE FORGED I. D.,
THE MATCHES YOU WERE THROWING
IN THE UNDERGROUND‐‐
SEEMS LIKE QUITE
THE CHECKERED PAST.
WHAT'LL HAPPEN IF WORD
GETS OUT ABOUT IT?
BUT HOW WE PROCEED
IS ENTIRELY UP TO YOU.
WHAT'LL IT BE?
YOU STILL WANT
TO STEP INTO THE RING?
( Joe gasps ) YOU BASTARD!
( gagging )
( knees thump )
Sachio: POPS, WHY?
Nanbu: LOOKS LIKE
THIS MATCH WAS OVER
BEFORE IT EVEN GOT STARTED.
Mikio: AND NOW YOU KNOW
WHY I SELECTED YOU.
MEGALONIA IS ONLY
A STAGE FOR THE CHOSEN.
NO ONE'S GETTING IN MY WAY,
NO STRAY DOG
AND NO WOMAN, EITHER.
Announcer: WHAT IN THE WORLD
COULD HAVE HAPPENED TO JOE?
IT'S TIME FOR THE MATCH,
BUT OUR CHALLENGER
HAS YET TO ENTER THE RING.
IF HE DOESN'T ARRIVE SOON,
MIKIO SHIRATO
WILL WIN BY DEFAULT.
Santa: WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHAT HAPPENED TO BIG JOE?
♪
Mikio: SO MUCH
FOR YOUR LAST CHANCE.
I'M TAKING IT ALL BACK,
EVERY LAST THING
YOU STOLE FROM ME.
( horn blows )
( crowd roaring )
( Sachio sobbing )
( door slam echoes )
♪
♪♪Singer: ♪♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
‐ ♪♪ 6, 7, 8, 9
‐ ♪♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5...
( singing in Japanese )